well howdy there internet people it's
bogan and it's a dark and stormy night
you ever wonder why we're afraid of dark
and stormy nights it's because since the
beginning of time man has known that's
the time that is the time that is the
moment when the real monsters roam the
earth and by real monsters I mean other
men other men set out to do something
bad to other people it doesn't matter if
you're in a cave defending your fire
well you're in a compound somewhere
defending your ideology dark and stormy
nights is when it happens even today
groups of crazy and special men will
wait if they can for all the conditions
to be right the moon the weather
everything
it's not magic it's not an appeal to
some mystical force it's just taking
advantage of everything that's available
see on dark and stormy nights your
senses are dulled if you're the person
that the monsters are coming to get well
the rain falling that ambient noise
makes them harder to hear the ground
being wet no dry leaves to crinkle the
cold water falling through the air keeps
smells down it's dark your visibility is
limited you want to stay inside because
it's wet you're not really looking all
of these things come together and they
will wait for the right moment if they
can the funny thing about that is that
all of those groups they're all
indoctrinated ingrained with the idea
that you do not quit but are any
circumstance you accomplish the mission
night stalkers don't quit though I be
the lone survivor it's there it's part
of the institutional culture of these
groups we have to adopt it
because something's gonna happen
eventually and when it does some people
are going to think it's over the mission
is complete but it's not see at some
point in the future our long national
nightmare will end President Trump will
leave office but that's when the word
real work is going to start see right
now our mission short-term yeah
Trump errs out that Amane much right now
we're focused on harm reduction harm
mitigation
were wanting to destroy those policies
and those ideas that would destroy this
country if left alone would destroy this
society once he's gone well that's our
dark and stormy night we waited we
waited for the right moment but that's
when we have to move forward and it's
gonna have to be us it's not going to be
some savior candidate the next president
is not gonna have to do much to get
reelected
Trump has lowered the bar so much that
as long as they're not an active harm to
the world they're gonna be better than
the last guy so that means it's up to us
it's up to us we're gonna have to do the
work we're gonna have to switch gears no
longer just resist but going the
initiative take the initiative seize
that move forward try to build that
society that we want the one that was
promised
so it's not just resistance it's not
destroying the ideas that are harmful
it's building the ideas that are helpful
it's creating those power structures and
we're waiting for our dark and stormy
night to do it
but waiting for that moment when the
main obstacle is out of the way but we
can't rely on the next president we're
gonna have to hold down to the same
standard that we're holding President
Trump to if not it doesn't matter
they'll improve things a little but the
new norm this it's gonna stick around
they have to be amazing and we have to
make them amazing no matter who it is we
have to push them guide them lead them
instead of being ruled by them we got to
create those local power structures
anyway
it's just Oh y'all have a good night